# LinkedIn search result 42

- Query: `"OpenClaw" Hermes`
- Captured: 2026-06-11T17:36:35Z
- URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brilian-tafjira-nugraha?miniProfileUrn=urn%3Ali%3Afsd_profile%3AACoAABepYgABrT_7gXSINWLLvWKpyHIURjTAeBA
- URN: 

## Visible text

Feed post Brilian Tafjira Nugraha • 3rd+ Get the job done with AI on edge devices 2h • Follow Hermes Agent has a Windows desktop app! Man, if you tell me 1-2 years ago that I only need 2 clicks (first one is for download, second to install) to install Local Multi-agent LLM (like CrewAI), and the rests are handled, then I am gonna be super happy. But now, it's no longer a thing! Here comes Hermes Agent for Desktop. Oh, and the good part: it supports Windows! Hermes agent is safer, and has memory++ capability, essentially doing online skills learning. Compared to Openclaw (where it is highly unsafe) or Nemoclaw+Openclaw (headache in sandbox-ing), Hermes agent itself is already self sandboxed agentic AI, so I can run it with more peace of mind without fearing someone wrecking my device, well at least other than my son xD. Will definitely try more on my arm device (Orange PI RV2), AMD, and my new VPS with this. Well, I could even possibly connect it with my edge object detection models available here. Cons: The only obvious downside that I notice is that my battery goes down like crazy, but anyway, that's it Side note: Of course, my daily driver Nanobot only need pip install xD, but let's put it aside for now since it is for simpler and insensitive usages. Thanks for reading, and happy coding :) …more Activate to view larger image, 2 Like Comment Repost Send
