# LinkedIn search result 143

- Query: `"OpenClaw" Hermes`
- Captured: 2026-06-11T17:36:35Z
- URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/koutheir-cherni?miniProfileUrn=urn%3Ali%3Afsd_profile%3AACoAACkqQD0B3c6vv38SDUc9yFps_WkwryodD9I
- URN: 

## Visible text

Feed post KC - Koutheir Cherni • 3rd+ Instant data sandbox for Agents, Teams & CI 🐆 Visit my website 9h • Follow As a power user of Anthropic, they are definitly changing the world. The thing is they are winning on 2 fronts : The foundation : the model. Every new model has visible improvements, better reasoning, better thinking and better outputs. But what's really exciting for me is how they build products. They took this foundation and made it into easily consumed and distributable products that help solve problems for operators, engineers, sales, marketing, designers and beyond. Chatgpt got referenced as the first product to take LLMs into chat interfaces but Claude is now so deep into my workflows as an automation tools that it helps replace a lot of patterns and tools that I used to run/ use. Dispatch now allows you to talk to all your agents, artifacts, projects and conversations all from your app under 1 context. Yes openclaw and hermes already solved it through Whatsapp/Telegram/Imessage, but to make this from Claude's perspective is definetly a game changer because it doesn't require any technical knowledge what so ever to run + it already has so much context on my everyday tasks. I just pity my computer it will probably never shut down until it dies. …more Activate to view larger image, Activate to view larger image, 4 2 comments Like Comment Repost Send
